All right find email domain.
This was a fun one mainly because I think I solved it in a very interesting way.
So essentially what's happening here is we are trying to get the email addresses domain right so in
our input here Pre-N simple example dot com we want to return examples.
In this crazy input here we want to return exampled dot org.
Right.
So a lot of stuff going on there was stuff going on there.
So there's a couple different ways we could do.
There's probably a regular expression way that you could go about and solve this.
That's not how I did it.
I used the last index of and slice so those your hints.
Let's jump into the solution.
All right.
So last index of we'll get the last value where you see a certain string a certain something.
And that's what the last index value.
So in our string what we're going to do is Rinke get create a concert or say last at index is going
to be equal to the address that we're passing in.
Last index of returns last occurrence of the substring in the string.
That's a much better way of putting it.
But so that's what we want.
Like so and so we're going to get from the right side.
The last one last at Simbel basically the starting point and then all we need to do is return the address
slice and then we have the index for which you slice slice to the end of the string.
And so that's the last at inducts plus 1 because we don't want it's going to include the at symbol and
we don't want that.
Instead we just want to go down to the domain itself.
Add yourself to the end and there you go.
That's pretty much it.
Just two method calls in and we're done.
It took me a second to sort of wrap my mind around how I was going to solve this without regular expressions
because I went down the regular expression around and I found it increasingly difficult to try and handle
all use cases and I thought this was a pretty cool way of solving it.